hi people this is a really elaborate
salary Justin here to talk to you about
hat when I put a my pair okay after I
take a shower what helps you your face
is down you need to say after I take a
shower what I put in my hair is soft and
precious and make some theory stopped
that is why it's called soft and fresh
does it make your hair precious to shiny
hey after wait a second
do you what do you do when you're
washing your hair I think if I were you
I would use like some of the examples
anything in the house
Wrigley just so you know I don't brush
my hair okay
I'll never be brushing my hair okay what
okay what I do is just like use a little
bit cuz it's almost finished
that's much not for the whole entire
head okay then rub it good you just put
it in you have to get that edge to
telling you how I put socks and purses
makes it very soft so I take very tiny
bit just that back but you have to like
do it in the middle right now I'm gonna
be first you have to mix it up first
then you just put it in at the edge to
the most important part of your hair
now now I do the other side of course
take a little bit okay now again for
watching this video now what I did the
top of my head to make it very shiny
okay beautiful grace what do you think
of Ella's hair I could say it's not the
same thing as her hair first of the
watch doesn't brush your hair I think
your hair is gorgeous know what I do
after is if I don't put on this one soft
and precious then I put on the well when
I let go and I put on the hair jump to
make it very very shiny then when I'm
trying to straighten my hair so if we
check to see other so we used to wait
when you straighten your hair and use
the other stuff don't straight your hair
too much though right
I know this one take your hair in my
opinion is gorgeous thank you yep
where's she going I'm going to clip it
but but I have a play date to go to all
right finally it's my turn you are
sweetie hello this is Gracie Jane you
guys say we're talking about my hair hey
I washed my hair and I have conditioner
on so keep it soft cuz yeah cuz I can't
wash my hair every day so that's why I
have this spray they have my conditioner
and they're like you can put like hot
water but I sprayed this on they say
it's conditioner but if since I can wash
my hair every day so I just use this so
and then and then after that it's all
right
okay I brush my hair so you can see like
the conditioner yeah and then just brush
it when you don't wash when you don't
brush your hair as tingly and you only
have to what you have to brush it during
the shower so it won't be hard or you
can stay put up like if it's still wet
you can make cooking on refresh it
just don't miss the control don't rinse
because if you don't for me I have to
put on to make a soft because if I mean
sometimes I'll go with that consider but
there's like all poufy stuff so if you
want a less poufy you put conditioner on
your hair yeah it does
ya need to put conditioners into your
hair yeah sometimes you can just lay so
you so you can have like more volume but
sometimes you sometimes to comply take
shower at night and like pookins your
are right on it for on your hair and
then wrap her up and then sleep and in
the morning you can like rip it off and
then put like one of this thing coil
this stuff up that it's very before your
hair okay
but me I don't cut my hair yeah me I
haven't cut my like for years I think
cuz like my hair takes my hair takes a
longer to grow like a you know so so I
want my head to they're like little
longer and then maybe cut it then you
cut it okay some people like to get it
trimmed a lot yeah extreme my hair that
I never straighten my hair cause it
breaks of the lid I don't straighten my
hair during the summer or fall
especially fall because like after I
straighten my hair I walked I did this
dog poofy they're not likes to in here
look like I like curly hair even though
it's hard to take care of I curl the
hair it's easy for me that straight
straight hair because Carla hair from me
on is just like couldn't you know with
United States with you never you go turn
your hair and subscribe to your parent
and don't forget to comb your hair in
the shower because that's a lot easier
then comb your afterwards
bye